Or this or this. Any of this is true.
Either you have the passport that means
accepted, you have the DL also accepted.
If you have voter ID it's accepted any of
these earlier I have told you and and
means all the condition must match in or
any of this.
Even a single one.
OK.
I think that's different.
Yes.
Do it fast, all of you.
Don't you might be helping.
I didn't know.
8.
No,
we just reverse of that one should not be
that.
Goodbye.
OK.
So.
Start.
2.
See here we want to check this one.
Uh.
Enter ID proof you have.
For example I have entered here voter ID
so valid ID voter ID we accept here right?
If for example I have run it and I have
right here stored and.
Student.
ID.
So only passport,
DL and voter ID are accepted as identity
proof.
The student ID is not valid ID here. Fine.
You have entered.
Let's say you have entered here DL so.
Under your deal, sorry.
I know why it's giving because I have put
one space here,
so valid IDDL we accept here.
OK.
Just to space put our space on.
Then.
I love you.
See a note.
Done.
Should I show you a note as well,
or do you want to leave? Leave.
Definitely.
Huh.
So let's do this is not one and then
after that we can. OK, sure. Is it fine?
Just this logical one will finish, right?
OK,
the send or not only I'm giving just two
minutes, not more than that.
So here is we have entered.
In 2 minutes I will finish. No issue.
We'll just check control C I'll copy it
paste it.
We have taken mark,
enter the marks in maths and we have
right here one more thing that's right is
gap year.
Up here.
Enter.
Oops.
Year gap, if any, otherwise 0.
Right input enter year gap if any
otherwise zero means if you don't have
the gap you can it see so if math marks.
Greater than 12 to 60.
Note.
Year gap.
Drop beer.
The return than equal to.
2.
Note.
So did you.
Eligible for Vtech.
Thanks.
Legible.
Oh.
OK.
This one we have,
so Gabriel should not be equal to 0.
Oh.
Or if it is 0 then fine.
There should be no gap in between.
You can write it this way or you can
write note zero as well. It's up to you.
You can write it this way as well.
Note 0.
It's not working.
I'll just write the note the part of it.
Here is view terminal.
Here is Python operators dot PA under
marks obtained mathematics.
Let's see I have entered 56 and here is
the gap year.
I have entered here, let's say two,
so eligible for B.Tech.
Sorry.
Strong, strong, strong, strong.
So.
Or we let yes.
So I'm sorry,
can I uh leave first 'cause I need to
pick up my child?
Oh yes, you guys can leave just here.
We'll use all OK.
Thank you, Sir.
Thank you for today speech. Thank you.
They're the most.
All of you.
So if it is less than this one or gap
here is not equal to 0.
In any case you are not eligible.
You should use or no time here, right?
Fine. If you guys want to leave,
you can leave now, OK?
We'll finish.
We have terminal now it will be fine.
See I have right and so here is Python
operators marks we have rate 45,
the gap we have rate let's say is 0.
So here is not eligible.
We have entered here marks let's say 67.
We have rate gap here is 3,
so that's also not eligible, right?
And we this one we have rate here we have
rate 56 gap year we have rate 0 so this
one eligible for VTAC.
And just write this one because zero that
zero word. It's confusing.
We'll write this one. That's fine.
Good. I'm doing a gap. Oh, how is it? Huh.
I think you get what you mean by I think
you get.
Here gap means for example you have been
10 + 2 and after that you are sitting two
years ideal.
So there should not be any gap between
them.
I see that that's also for example you
have passed your 10 + 2IN 2013 and then
there is the gap of two years gap 2015
you are applying.
So there is 2 years gap in building.
So that gap we don't want.
So you want to be less than we want the
air gap should not be any means the same
year you can apply.
That there will be the zero only.
Got it?
There should be no gap in between.
You see that few companies give that
there should be no gap in your this
academics.
Hello.
That note word, right?
No, it will not work here.
That's the different thing that you are
asking. You not zero. This one you want,
right?
So that's the different example I will
show you right now.
You'll do this way only.
That's the not you want to use the word
one.
That's why I will show you in the
different example.
We'll do up to this love.
I could not when I try to. You try to.
It's not working.
Let me check.
It's your. You don't want to go.
I only have. I'm done. Yeah, yes,
I'm done.
I'm just kidding.
That means.
I'm not.
I thought we are doing today.
I think they're out of them.
That's correct.
It should be all. So we're not using.
I'm gonna try to use,
but you can't use it like this one.
And if you are not given the value for
this thing, so then you can use the node.
So that will be the different example
altogether. OK, OK.
In this one you can't use that note.
Here you can't use that note.
For example you have taken here.
Let me show her name.
Input.
Enter user name.
Oh, here it is if.
Not name.
We have right here.
I'm sorry, this one will not work.
This is C# port print.
Note.
How do you want?
Send.
Mean.
Welcome.
Fine view terminal.
You have not given the name,
it showed you there no.
Sam.
Got it. This is a note.
If it is, it doesn't have the value,
it will show you the.
I will show you both.
So now you can sleep.
Aaron is here is that's why.
Otherwise tomorrow she will not come.
You have not resolved my issue. I can't.
I can't sleep. No, it's fine. It's fine.
It's totally fine. It's good.
That's the.
I can understand because I last night I
came late. That flight was delayed.
I came around 2:00,
so I can't sleep from Air India from
India to Air.
So I can't sleep properly because I go,
I check in at 2:00 in the hotel.
And then morning, early morning,
I have to get up and come here. Delhi. Oh,
you're from India.
Though the capital of India,
the heart of India.
Hello.
So I can understand the the pain if you
aren't able to sleep. OK, fine guys.
Thanks.
I hope you all have enjoyed this session.
Let's meet tomorrow and tomorrow night,
right? Tomorrow 9:00, yes.
But for now TK one of you online one as
well right?
So this this much for me today.
OK the content I already have shared and
this one also the remaining also we will
push.
Let me just, uh, add all the thing get.